You’ll love this gorgeous 2-story home located just 3 blocks from Parkside Elementary in downtown Coopersville.
Come see this charming ranch with an open floor plan and breathtaking panoramic views of Cedar Springs!
new furnace, air conditioning unit. all appliances includes. Huge deck off back of home. walk out in basement to back yard which is fenced in. Lots of updates done. 1 stall attached garage with finished breezeway.
You’ll love this charming, 2-story cottage with spectacular panoramic views of Otter Lake. This 3 bedroom, 2 bathroom home with a 2-stall garage will give you 1,700 sq ft of generous space to move about (without losing that quaint, cozy atmosphere when it’s time to cuddle up by the fireplace with a good book). Wake up each morning to awe-inspiring sunrises in the East and drift off to sleep each night with the tranquil sounds of nature. Situated in a friendly community with an award-winning school system on the outskirts of Allegan County, just thirty minutes from the magnificent City of Grand Ledge.
This property is only available to the buyer who acts NOW. Stop reading and start calling: ***-***-****
Why are you still reading this?? CALL NOW!
$479,000. Located in Chicago’s South Loop. Custom upgraded, high-floor Northeast corner unit, two bedroom with Den, two bath. Balcony has incredible Lake/Monroe Harbor/Grant park/Navy Pier views. Custom kitchen with granite countertops on huge kitchen island, stainless steel appliances, 42″ custom cherry cabinets, hardwood floors throughout living area, two walk-in closets, floor to ceiling windows. Bathrooms upgraded with marble countertops, double-bowl sinks, separate shower & Jacuzzi tub in master bath. In-unit W/D and window treatments installed. Building amenities include 24 hour doorman, exercise room, party room, access to clubhouse and outdoor pool.
The living is easy in this impressive, generously proportioned contemporary residence with lake and ocean views, located within a level stroll to the sand and surf.

The floor plan encompasses four spacious bedrooms with plenty of room for study, sleep and storage, three luxurious bathrooms, and a sleek and stylish kitchen that flows through to the dining room and private rear patio. The master bedroom, complete with walk-in robe and ensuite, ensures parents have a private space where they can enjoy the view.

Perfect for a family or as a holiday retreat, this home is ideally positioned to enjoy the proximity to beaches, cafes and restaurants, shopping centre, and a selection of premier schools.
It won’t be easy to click out of holiday mode in this stylishly contemporary residence for the modern pleasure-seeker.

Cool, calm and sophisticated with a youthful edge, this functional home is enveloped in light and comfort. Crisp white walls, timber floors and high ceilings create a style as timeless as the sparkling ocean view. The calming sea vista, captured through the extensive use of glass, will help you forget your city stress.

This house screams 'designer' and will reflect the personality and taste of those accustomed to the best in quality design, finishes and lifestyle.
This stylish residence is nestled on a large level block in a desirably tranquil cul-de-sac location.

The house comes complete with two living rooms, a welcoming kitchen/dining area, two bathrooms, three bedrooms, a study and a laundry, and retains the value of peaceful living while being conveniently close to shops, school and transport.
Embrace the spirit of DIY with this original cottage occupying a peaceful street position. This charming weatherboard home features 3 roomy bedrooms and bright, open living spaces. There's plenty of potential for the savvy investor or first home buyer.
