There are many intelligent reasons to join Mensa. Whether you actively attend Mensa meetings or simply relish the intellectual stimulation that membership promotes, you'll find the benefits of Mensa membership to be numerous indeed.

Does Mensa Provide Intellectual Stimulation?

Think-two-three, think-two-three! Mensa provides intriguing ways to flex your mental muscles. You'll find intellectual resources in national magazines, in local newsletters, and at regional, national and international conventions.

Whatever your passion, there's almost certain to be a Special Interest Group (SIG) filled with other Mensans who share it! Mensa offers approximately 200 SIGs, in mind-boggling profusion from African Violets to zoology. Along the way you'll find microbiology, and systems analysis, but you'll also find Sherlock Holmes, chocolate and Star Trek. There are the expected: biochemistry, space science, economics -- and the unexpected: poker, roller-skating, scuba diving, UFOs and witchcraft. There are SIGs for breadmaking, winemaking, cartooning, silversmithing, and clowning. Heraldry, semantics and Egyptology co-exist with beekeeping, motorcycling and tap dancing. Sports SIGs cover the classics (baseball, basketball, and football) and the not-so-classic (skeet shooting, hang gliding, skydiving). And any Mensan who can't find a SIG to join can easily start one.

Does Mensa Provide Social Interaction?

Mensa meetings are anything but dull! Local groups meet at least monthly. Often it's for dinner and drinks on a Friday night, or for get-togethers featuring a speaker or a lively, freewheeling discussion. All are with fellow members who share your intellectual interests. Some groups have special get-togethers or activities throughout the month. Others, especially the larger groups, have events nearly every day. Of course, participation in local group activities is always entirely at your option. There are also widely attended annual conventions offering workshops, seminars, and parties, plus numerous regional gatherings are held each year, offering social and intellectual excitement.

What Publications Come With Mensa Membership?

You will receive your national magazine with contributions by Mensans on a wide variety of subjects. Your magazine will feature the "Mensa World Journal," an interesting and thought-provoking section which contains views and information about Mensa around the world.

In some countries, in addition to the national magazine you may receive lively local newsletters informing members of local activities and events, as well as other items of interest and announcements of special interest.

"Isolated M" is a popular and informative newsletter sent to those members who are geographically or otherwise isolated. It is available at nominal cost to any member.

Publication information is also available for specific National Groups.

Does Mensa Offer Any Publications to Non-Members?

Yes, the Mensa Research Journal (MRJ) is offered to the general public. The scholarly research articles presented in each theme issue are selected from a wide array of research journals, both nationally and internationally. As an outreach of the Mensa Education & Research Foundation, the MRJ also seeks to educate the readers on theme topics. Editors are chosen from many professions to review current research articles on intelligence and the myriad of forces that impact intelligence negatively and positively. The selected group of articles brings the theme topic to you in a single, attractive presentation.

Published in the US, the MRJ is the same great value internationally due to a grant from Mensa International Limited (MIL). Published three times per year, MRJ is one of the lowest priced research journals on the market. Entries from the Awards for Excellence program are highlighted in one journal each year. Some recent themes are "Lead Weights on Intelligence," "Intelligence: A diamond in the rough?," and "Memory." The MRJ accepts book reviews on books related to intelligence and posts educational events on an events calendar. Each issue cover has a unique design relative to the theme that is created by the Art Design Editor.

You do not have to be a member of Mensa to subscribe--just someone interested in the latest information on the nature of giftedness, intelligence measures, loss of intelligence, increasing intelligence, or declining intelligence. To subscribe, please visit Mensa Research Journal.

What Other Benefits Does Mensa Offer?

In some countries Mensa sponsors a members-only credit card and insurance program. There is also a program that aids traveling Mensans.

Can Mensa Help My Community?

Mensa members find opportunities to contribute to the betterment of society through volunteer activities within their communities. Many Mensa groups offer scholarships for gifted students. The Gifted Children Resource Program compiles and provides information for gifted children at the national and local levels.
